Project Name: Student Life

Project Description: The website aims to provide an immersive audio experience for the user into the life of a student. We wanted to take the user on a journey of the student's average day that often turns monotonous. The user is hearing everything the student would hear around them in their day and the website provides a simple visual of the setting of the audio to place the user in that location. The website takes the user through scenes from the bedroom when the student wakes up, to the bathroom, classroom, dining hall, football game, snacks bar, and back to bed. 

Process: The audio clips were made using mostly original sounds, recorded from the Hamad's and my daily life. It involved the use of various effects like adjusting the amplitude, noise reduction, adding reverb and echo when necessary, to make the audio more realistic and comprehensive as each clip of 20-25 seconds was supposed to capture an hour or more worth of the student's life. We planned to make the website interactive and offer the user the option ot play, pause and repeat the audio along with the option of going from one scene to the next to make it even more immersive. A student's life can also become quite repetitive with the day having similar elements that many students can relate to due to which we made the entire day's audio clips repeatable in the form a loop to give the idea of monotony. 

Reflection/Evaluation: Playing around with the audio was quite fun and interesting. I've had some experience with editing sound but it was my first time using Audacity with its many effects that I could incorporate into the clips for the website. All the audio was recorded using the phone to make it easier to move around in public and remain unnoticed to capture the natural ambience of the environment like in the library cafe, but it was a little difficult to play around witht he noise reduction. In terms of the website layout, it took some brainstorming to think about what we wanted to be presented and the kind of itneractviity we wanted to provide the user with like mentioned earlier. I think the website came through with the vision we had, in terms of the design and interactivity and incorporation of the audio. 
